add instructions for vscode (#2939)
dotnet/docs-maui: docs/fundamentals/localization.md

1. Create resource files to store strings. For more information, see [Create resource files to store strings](#create-resource-files-to-store-strings).
1. Specify the app's neutral language. For more information, see [Specify the app's neutral language](#specify-the-apps-neutral-language).
1. Perform platform setup. For more information, see [Perform platform setup](#perform-platform-setup).

> 1. Perform VS Code setup. For more information, see [Setup VSCode](#vscode-setup).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Perform VS Code setup. For more information, see [Setup VSCode](#vs-code-setup).
```

1. Save your changes.

## VSCode Setup

> The AppResource file is generated during `DesignTimeBuild` on Visual Studio, the VSCode doesn't have it so in order to generate the AppResource files you need to add the following instructions into your `csproj`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The AppResource file is generated during `DesignTimeBuild` on Visual Studio. VS Code doesn't run that job, so in order to generate the AppResource files you can add the following instructions in your `csproj`.
```

```xml
<ItemGroup>
		<EmbeddedResource Update="Resources\Localization\AppResources.resx">
			<Generator>MSBuild:Compile</Generator>
			<StronglyTypedLanguage>CSharp</StronglyTypedLanguage>
			<StronglyTypedNamespace>MauiApp.Resources.Localization</StronglyTypedNamespace>
			<StronglyTypedFileName>$(IntermediateOutputPath)\Resource.Designer.cs</StronglyTypedFileName>
			<StronglyTypedClassName>AppResources</StronglyTypedClassName>

> 		</EmbeddedResource>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <EmbeddedResource Update="Resources\Localization\AppResources.resx">
        <Generator>MSBuild:Compile</Generator>
        <StronglyTypedLanguage>CSharp</StronglyTypedLanguage>
        <StronglyTypedNamespace>MauiApp.Resources.Localization</StronglyTypedNamespace>
        <StronglyTypedFileName>$(IntermediateOutputPath)\Resource.Designer.cs</StronglyTypedFileName>
        <StronglyTypedClassName>AppResources</StronglyTypedClassName>
     </EmbeddedResource>
```

     <Compile Include="$(IntermediateOutputPath)\Resource.Designer.cs">
        <AutoGen>True</AutoGen>
        <DesignTime>false</DesignTime>
        <DependentUpon>Resources\Localization\AppResources.resx</DependentUpon>
      </Compile>
</ItemGroup>
```

> Here we have two parts that, one is responsible for generate the C# file for `resx` (`EmbeddedResource`) and the other one is resposible to add the generated file into the compilation (`Compile`), so you can consume it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are two parts to this. The first is responsible for generating a C# file for `resx` (`EmbeddedResource`) and the other one is responsible to add the generated file into the compilation (`Compile`), so the project can consume it.
```

From the `EmbeddedResource` part:

> - The `Update` property on `EmbeddedResource` must reflect the path to your `resx` file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `Update` property on `EmbeddedResource` must reflect the path to your `resx` file
```

- The `StronglyTypedNamespace` property must reflect the path for your `resx` file inside your solution

> - The `StronglyTypedFileName` property specify the path where the file should be generated, here it will be generated at `obj` folder

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `StronglyTypedFileName` property specifies the path to where the file should be generated. In our example it will be generated in the `obj` folder
```

1. Save your changes.

> ## VSCode Setup

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## VS Code Setup
```
-or-
```suggestion
## Visual Studio Code Setup
```
?
